we're in Miami at the South Beach Wine
and Food Festival at burger bash so
fittingly we're talking two chefs about
what makes the perfect burger great
burgers starts with great meat clearly
if it's made with love and if it's made
with effort it's a great burger great
burgers are all about fresh ground beef
restaurant babe is key it has to be
unhandled almost like not put together
and seared very high on a very high heat
on a plancha not flipping your burger
too much just you know let it cook flip
it that's it in my opinion perfect
burgers got to be only flipped once get
the right sear on there and the right
amount of salt you can never go wrong
and being a little bit salty salt it's
the secret to a great burger you have to
really seasoned the meat the biggest
mistake people make is not using enough
salt the secret to a perfect burger is a
meaty patty that has the right amount of
fat and obviously seasoning perfect
burgers don't overcook it get really
fatty juicy meat make it thick and enjoy
it very quickly right off the grill I
think the secret to the perfect burger
is you have to pack as much flavor into
something in just a couple bites so what
we're using this year is lifting onion
soup mix that we mixed with mayo and
we're putting that on for the full umami
packed sodium punch of flavor you have
to put the mayonnaise on the bottom of
the bun and let the burger juices drip
into the mayonnaise because it makes a
sauce that you can't make without doing
that we gonna put a really high fat
content in our burger so we did like
thirty five percent so we don't even
have to put any more fat in on the
flattop you just go right onto it really
nice quick sear really crispy beautiful
juicy it's got to have a refreshing
crunch or enough acidity something to
make the burger sort of pop and make
your mouth want to go back for another
one you know
I like to compliment with a little sweet
element and savory mayo as well but also
giving that love and care into not
pressing it down on the grill too much
not letting all those beautiful fat
strip down keep it in there and don't f
with it have a nice crust on the outside
and a tender moist Center and the cheese
has to be perfectly melted it can't be
like half melted congealed cheese that
needs to be like bubbly oozy gooey
cheese and there needs to be grease that
drips down your arm I think the message
of the burger is really everybody's
welcome